Remove "or refreshes" example language from `overscroll-behavior: contain` docs (#29474)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/css/overscroll-behavior-block/index.md

- `auto`
  - : The default scroll overflow behavior occurs as normal.
- `contain`

>   - : Default scroll overflow behavior is observed inside the element this value is set on (e.g. "bounce" effects), but no scroll chaining occurs to neighboring scrolling areas, e.g. underlying elements will not scroll.

Reviewer: Should we add that `contain` disables pull-to-refresh while allowing swipe navigation, preventing a user's over-scrolling triggering navigation?

Reviewer 2: `contain` disables both pull-to-refresh and swipe navigation.

The reason [this spec example](https://drafts.csswg.org/css-overscroll/#example-64e64c20) says "only disable pull-to-refresh but allow swipe navigations" is that the property being set is `overscroll-behavior-y: contain;`, and swipe navigation is a horizontal gesture. So `overscroll-behavior-y: contain` will disable pull to refresh (which is a vertical gesture), which `overscroll-behavior-x` will remain at its default value of `auto` which allows swipe navigation.

Reviewer 3: Can we rephrase this a bit for more clarity? Also to be more specific, how about adding the bit about "pull-to-refresh" and "swipe navigation"? And if updating here, the same changes can be applied to other files in this PR.

```suggestion
  - : Default scroll overflow behavior (e.g., "bounce" effects) is observed inside the element where this value is set. However, no scroll chaining occurs on neighboring scrolling areas; for example, the underlying elements will not scroll. The `contain` value disables both pull-to-refresh and swipe navigation.
```

Author: Thank you all for the suggestions! It was super helpful for me to see how folks jumped in to improve this PR.

I've made another commit in an effort to address your comments. Please let me know if you approve of these changes.
